Data Export: CSV Exports
------------------------

The data behind time-series plots can be downloaded as a comma-separated
value (CSV) file by clicking the CSV button at the top of the plot
window.  (If downloading such a file is not permitted, either the button
will have a red X through it, or it will not appear at all.)

The name of the file that gets downloaded will start with the date &
time of the request, followed by a dash and the name of the datasource
(and, if applicable, followed by another dash and the rank name),
followed by ".csv".

The first few lines of the file will be comments (preceded by a #);
these will be followed by a header, naming each column of data; the
remaining lines will be the data.  The first comment line will list the
date and time, in seconds since 1970 and then a standard YYYY-MM-DD
HH:MM:SS.SSS (TZ) format.  The second comment line will show the URL
used in requesting the export.  The third comment line will list the
datasource name.  The fourth comment line will list the start and and
times  (in seconds since 1970).  For Winston datasources, the fifth
comment line will list the sample rate, and the sixth will list the
datatype.  The remaining comment lines are those specified in the
configuration files.

The first two columns represent the time of that line's data; the first
will be the number of seconds since 1970, the second in a standard
YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.SSS date and time format.  The headers of these
columns will be "Seconds_since_1970 (XXX)" and "Date (XXX)", where XXX
is the timezone code that the times are expressed in.

The remaining columns correspond to the selected data for the time
identified in that line's first two columns; if these is no data for a
given column for that time, the column will be blank (but still have a
comma(s) separating it from adjacent columns).  The headings of these
columns are made up of the channel name and the column name separated by
an underscore, as in AHUP_East.

Data Export: Export-Related Configuration File Entries
------------------------------------------------------

In valve3.config:

exportEnabled can be set to false to disable all exports

exportCommentLines can be set to the number of comment lines to add
after the standard ones (see above).

exportCommentLine can be set to a name to use for a comment line; this
can be done multiple times

<nameOfCommentLine>.index is set to the position of the comment line (1
being the first after the standard comments, 2 being the second, etc.).

<nameOfCommentLine>.value is the text of the comment line.

exportDataWidth=N.M specified the formatting of numeric values in an
export file, where N is the total width and M the number of decimal
places.

In vdxSources.config:

These same settings can be applied to specific datasources, overriding
their valve3.config counterparts (but you cannot enable exports for any
datasource if exportEnabled is false in valve3.config)

Data Export: Request Parameters
-------------------------------

Except for a change in action (rawData) and the output type (and some
others no longer being meaningful, like width or height), the parameters
for an export request are identical to those of a plot.