Plot Enhancements: Plot Lines or Points
---------------------------------------

Whether data in a plot is to be drawn using lines or points, and if
points what shape of points to use, are now selectable from the menus.

This is represented in a plot request URL by the linetype.N parameter, where N
is the plot component number, and the values have the indicated
meanings:

    l:  Line
    o:  Circle
    s:  Square
    *:  Star
    t:  Triangle
    d:  Dot

Plot Enhancements: Legends
--------------------------

Display of legends in a plot can be disabled by including an "lg=false"
parameter to the plot request URL.


Plot Enhancements: Axis Labels
------------------------------

Greater control of the display of axis labels has been added through the
use of the following input parameters to the plot request URL; all are
either 0 (absent) or 1 (present), and the listed value is the default.

xTickMarks :    1
xTickValues :   1
xUnits :        1
xLabel :        0
yTickMarks :    1
yTickValues :   1
yUnits :        1
yLabel :        0


Plot Enhancements: Time Series Combinations
-------------------------------------------

Two time-series plots can now be combined into a new plot with the data
from the two originals.  To create such a combined plot, click on the +
icon in the first plot's title bar, then click on the plot you wish to
combine with the first.

The plot request URL will contain all of the parameters for the two
plots being combined, in addition to "combine=true".


Plot Enhancements: Multi channel plotting
-----------------------------------------

Time-series plots can now be requested for multiple channels in a single
plot.  This is specified in the plot request by having a comma-separated
list of channel IDs in the ch parameter.


Plot Enhancements: Zooming in on plots
--------------------------------------

Clicking on a plot can be used to change the start and end times for the
next plot request.  When a click is taken to set the time clicked on as
a start time, a green arrow will be drawn at the top of the clicked
plot; when the end time is set, a red arrow will be drawn.  Clicks will
alternate between setting the start and end times; no attempt is made to
insure the start time preceeds the end time.  If a time-setting click is
made in a different plot, the arrows from the old plot will be erased.